ReadMe.md, before:

# Rune.rb<sup><sup>*

**Rune.rb** is a game server written in Ruby targeting the 2006 era of RuneScape (or the 317-377 protocols). Eventually it'll be easy to understand, fun to use, and simple to extend. Take this project and make it your own. It's here for you to expand upon, experiment with, and share with everyone.

## Usage

Clone the Repo
 ```shell script
 git clone https://gitlab.com/sickday/rune.rb.git
```
Enter the project directory and install required gems
```shell script
cd rune.rb
bundle install
```
Use the command below to launch an instance of the server on `localhost@43594`
```shell script
ruby node.rb
```
## Contribution

Want to contribute? Great!

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

## Current Contributors

| Name | Role | Contact |
| ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| Patrick W. | Maintainer | Sickday@pm.me |


*<sub><sub>This is the `refactor` branch! Most of the code here is fresh from the fork despite on-going refactoring and documentation.

Commit message:

# Deprecated `operation_list` param passed to `Scratch::Routine.new` as the design does not lend itself to a clean implementation.
Signed-off-by: Patrick W <sickday@pm.me>
# Updated coverage for `Scratch::OperationChain`

ReadMe.md, after:

# Rune.rb<sup><sup>*

**Rune.rb** is a game server written in Ruby targeting the 2006 era of RuneScape (or the 317-377 protocols). Eventually it'll be easy to understand, fun to use, and simple to extend. Take this project and make it your own. It's here for you to expand upon, experiment with, and share with everyone.

## Usage

Clone the Repo
 ```shell script
 git clone --branch --single-branch scratch https://gitlab.com/sickday/rune.rb.git
```
Enter the project directory and install required gems
```shell script
cd rune.rb
bundle install
```

## Contribution

Want to contribute? Great!

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

## Current Contributors

| Name | Role | Contact |
| ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| Patrick W. | Maintainer | Sickday@pm.me |


*<sub><sub>This is the `scratch` branch! I'm writing all this from scratch and coverage is an on-going effort! Let me know if anything is unclear!
